the PE Ratio is a primary indicator of
the health of a stock it is one of the
most Basic Essentials in looking at the
valuation of these stocks just like
inflation and employment numbers they're
fake fraudulent and can be manipulated
to suit the needs of the government or
corporations you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
are looking at this manipulation of the
PE ratios I also want to connect that in
with a few others let's begin
with this this is just one example but
it shows what funds can do in order to
make their situation seem a lot better
than it is we know that there are stocks
particularly in the tech sector which
have PE raos that have gone astronomical
so what they do is utilize this strategy
in order to make it seem that it's not
so
risky So within a given fund you'll have
many many St stocks in this example
let's say there are four so stocks a
through D and you'll notice that stock D
has a PE ratio of 300 but you take that
over the average and suddenly it's
90 now while the 90 is still high that
isn't over yet they use something called
the reciprocal so in this case the
reciprocal of the PE ratios and they are
able to get this to look like it is
21.5 now if you take stocks that are
there even the average at a 90 and are
able to turn that into a
21.5 you have what I would call a
fraudulent figure there's no other way
to put that so this is just one thing
that I wanted to show you I believe it
is very important when you look at any
of these numbers understand that just
one of them isn't really a good
indicator you need to get hundreds and
hundreds because they are all
manipulated they're all fraudulent and
we necessarily can't just look at it at
face value so let's move on to this
we're looking at Detroit you know the
situation in Detroit has be become from
bad to worse look at this Detroit's
decade long wave of Tax and Mortgage
foreclosures has wiped out large swaths
of the city's neighborhoods as Wayne
County continues to seize thousand
thousands of occupied homes a year all
right now check this out and while the
city's neediest homeowners were supposed
to receive federal assistance to save
their homes as part of the treasury
Department's
7year old talking about this fund
squandered its original allotted $500
million by creating unnecessarily
stringent
requirements so people who should be
getting the funds aren't getting the
funds does that ring a bell to anybody
think about what happened with the tarp
bailout think about what happened with
the FED $16 trillion bailout it is all
money being squandered money being used
in a way that it shouldn't we know that
so let's move on this article out of
Bloomberg is talking about the issue
that's happening with China and China
has been buying media corporations in
the US and this has gone on for now
quite some time it has expanded but in
this article and I believe it's good
news at least we're taking this as at
face value China plans to cut off some
funding for the billionaire here after
con concluding the conglomerate breached
restrictions for overseas Investments so
this is quite interesting not just for
this particular individual this
billionaire who's trying to buy up uh
quite a bit of Hollywood but it seems
like it's taking a different turn so I
don't know where this is headed I don't
really know why this occurred I have
always thought that China would want to
have as much influence as possible but
perhaps the government itself wants to
be able to hold on to that and doesn't
want them to necessarily Branch off into
the us too much they want to have full
control and
jurisdiction Central Banking in
increasingly looks like an Act of Faith
and this is quite interesting coming out
of the New York Times Mario draggy the
president of the ECB and his bank of
Japan counterpart corota have spent
trillions of Euros in Yen without
generating as much as inflation as they
want yet they have little choice but to
insist that their policies will
eventually work they don't have the
inflation that they desire they can even
get people working they are unable to
basically get the economy moving in any
way shape or form and yet today we have
the central Bankers still up there
wearing their crowns at the helm and
they tell you and I what to do
indirectly but why what are the benefits
to us of course there are
none and last but not least I want to
show you Japan right here in this chart
now if I can just scroll down for a
moment here you're looking at the Japan
money statistics the beginning of the
chart being 2008 and moving up until the
present day and what you see here is a
comparison of the different money uh
different monetary levels you're looking
at the bank of Japan balance sheet being
the one that has gone astronomical
compare that to all the different uh
types M1 M2 M3 and L whichever one you
look at they have all EXP expanded
however compared to the bank of Japan
balance sheet nothing even comes close
so think about that with all the money
that has been pumped into the system
nothing even comes close to the value
that they have
created they have been printing up money
just as the Federal Reserve has tapered
off and decided that they weren't going
to print anymore for now the bank of
Japan the ECB they continue to expand
and this money gets slushed around and
gets pushed all over the
globe this is quite interesting to me I
think that they will continue to do so
if they decide to pull back on that you
best be sure they are redheaded for a
crash now that's all for this video if
you found it informative please give me
a thumbs up
and I just wanted to say that I'm
working here off my cell phone so I hope
that uh the quality is okay it's
reasonable this will be for a few days I
hope that uh you'll take it for what it
is that's all for this video definitely
check out my website the money gps.com
for more free information free ebooks
and so much else take care